As a Technology Consultant for Creative Technology Solutions, we took on a new client named The Gaming Room. 
The client wanted to develop a web-based game that serves multiple platforms based on their current game, 
Draw It or Lose It which is only avaliable on Android app only. Using the software design document for this project, the purpose of the document was to give the client insight on which operating system to use in order to have fluidity app development that would work on all operation platforms. Since my current position at work deals with all engineering drawings and standard operating procedures (SOPs), I was very familiar with the layout and the language, adding the necessary updates needed under Document Revision History.
If I could revise any part of the document, I would change the Evaluation Table and put more depth into some of the answers. This section was tough because the resources provided for that week didn't really help this section. A lot of this project was research based which is good for future classes and work because I believe that a lot of the tech field deals heavily on knowing how to research for the answer you're looking for.
Being an Apple user since I was a teenager and switching over to Windows recently this past year, the answer for which operating system the client should use was obvious. There are a lot of positives to using an Apple device such as iCloud and having data seamlessly on every device but I believe WIndows is the ultimate operating system due to user friendly and app friendly for multiple different IDE which will allow many different languages to be used.  Taking into consideration for the software requirements, I had to take into account on which operating system would be able to handle as far as memory storage, which IDE and programming language would work best as well. Researching the different elements that Windows and Apple offer, I was able to check off my list of which one to choose. I believe this stragety worked very well to produce the software design document for the client.
